Adds introduction and prerequisites (#1)
xebia-functional/tictactoe: docs/Workshop.md

> # Scaladays 2023 - TicTacToe

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Workshop - TicTacToe
```

The goal of this workshop is to develop a 2 player real-time strategy game using only Scala 3. In the process of this workshop, you will learn:

> * Scala 3
> * Scalajs
> * Functional Domain Modeling
> * Functional Reactive Programming in the style similar to [Elm](https://elm-lang.org/) using [Tyrian](https://github.com/purplekingdomgames/tyrian)
> * Kafka consumers and producers
> * Docker
> * docker-compose
> * sbt-native-packager
> * sbt tasks
> * Tagless Final
> * http4s with websockets

Reviewer: It accepts modifications, but I think giving some sorting to the list would be good. In this case, I tried to move up the more general ones

```suggestion
* Functional Domain Modeling
* Functional Reactive Programming in the style similar to [Elm](https://elm-lang.org/) using [Tyrian](https://github.com/purplekingdomgames/tyrian)
* Message brokers with Kafka
* Tagless Final
* Scala 3
* ScalaJS
* Docker
* docker-compose
* sbt-native-packager
* sbt tasks
* http4s with WebSockets
```
